California is on fire inflation is
heating up today we got a hot one you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you we are going to look at a
few things stock market economy and what
it means to you how do you make the
decisions in an environment like this
it's so uncertain well I'm going to show
you what you can look at for some
anecdotal evidence and of course from
some very specific indicators all that
right here let's begin US Stock Market
faces reality check in High bar earning
season they're wondering what's going to
happen 2024 low bar so it was all so
easy to beat those earnings over and
over and over and over again we also had
the Magnificent Seven stocks that were
doing exceptionally well if you want a
good barometer of risk you don't have to
look at some indicators that are so
popular out there look at fcoin Yes you
heard me correct fcoin yeah so when you
look at something like this it just
shows us that if people are willing to
put a billion dollars into this thing
that people are willing to take risk if
they're selling this that's the first
thing they're going to sell right
they're going to sell that before they
sell their Bitcoin before they sell
their stocks before they sell anything
else they're going to be selling the far
coin and there's a billion dollars in
there okay now a billion compared to all
the rest isn't so much but it does give
you a look at what's happening anger and
resentment rise in Los Angeles over fire
response you probably have seen that you
may have also seen this thousands of Los
Angeles homeowners were dropped by their
insurers before the Palisades fire hm
odd I know that some people have been
talking about some thoughts of what's
happened here that's not the topic of
this video you can share them in the
comments of course California bans
insurance cancellation in La fire
affected areas so I guess the government
had to come in and say uh yeah yeah
we're not going to do that who knows
what's going on
but that brings me to the deeper level
okay you've got the economy right now
that is looking like it's heating up in
some ways the jobs report is doing
better oh my goodness things are good
but we have seen multiple measures of
inflation that have ticked up higher the
Federal Reserve is not going to be able
to cut interest rates at the rate that
they thought everyone you know was
saying that they were going to do this
is a big deal strong us jobs report
sends stocks sliding and the Dollar
Rising of course this would be a big
concern for all those expecting pedal to
the metal and so on what if more
inflation is coming Bank of America
braces for massive Bond losses as yields
sore I broke this down on the Friday
session uh the live session that we had
and looked at it and you could see how
much of the losses I mean it was
hundreds of billions of dollar these
banks have lost over the last while and
it should not be a surprise to those
paying attention when you keep interest
rates super low for super long you're
going to have problems okay we had
massive problems before but these things
are still lingering and guess what the
FED has to keep interest rates at a what
I would consider to still be a
reasonable level but guess what uh yeah
they're um you know being pressured from
every angle 200 fewer than half of the
S&P 500 stocks are trading above their
200 day moving average this is the first
time this has happened since November
20123 look at that going back and and we
basically haven't seen this why because
there's been a lot of weakness out there
magnificent 7 is carrying everything
when you look at the Magnificent 7 you
get a picture of strength when you look
at the whole let's say S&P 500 or the
whole US Stock Market you get strength
when we look at the world including all
of that it's like okay everything's kind
of okay as soon as you extract The
Magnificent Seven from any of those
things look a lot worse now seven stocks
you know they're important these stocks
are important stocks they employ a lot
of people and so on but is it everything
no certainly is that doesn't carry the
whole economy look at this look at real
signs of this terrible economy that we
are in globally a zombie Mall store King
is Born JC peny merges with Forever 21
owner look you're having these companies
that are merging together like you know
a bunch of garbage mixing with another
bunch of garbage doesn't make something
pretty it's lipstick on a pig and I want
to know what you think about this do you
go to the malls and see them just rammed
like like you know these type of
department stores
probably not they're probably too much
real estate they need to be shrunken
down and many of them need to go the way
of the dodo
bird and then we look way longer term
you know
beyond you know the the four-year cycle
beyond
that we do have a big change and that is
the US dollar it's strengthening now it
will it is the no question the strongest
currency out there always doing so well
we have money flowing in from from every
part of the world but this is talking
about the bricks and we know longer term
we're talking 20 years 30 years who
knows that this is something that's
going to be um you know a very
popular like I I would say it's going to
be a lot stronger let's let's say we
want this is talking about Brazil we
want to increase trade between us
increase Investments and reduce
transaction costs there is a disc
discussion about the use of local
currencies and transactions but not in
an imposition way bricks countries are
holders of dollar reserves but we do
have to diversify the options so that
the economic actors can decide and have
the possibility of making more
transactions we know exactly what's
happening here they are going away from
the US dollar they're not dumping the
dollar tomorrow but they are definitely
looking to slowly but surely do away
with it saying yeah no we want to have
that option we don't want to be
sanctioned but when we trade between us
which the bricks soon it's going to be
everybody in the bricks you know that's
something that we need to start thinking
about well if nobody or or fewer and
fewer groups of people are using the US
dollar in transactions over a longer
period of time that starts to become a
big issue and suddenly the US doesn't
have the weight but that's longer term
you don't have to think about this oh
the bricks the bricks are creating a
cbdc and the cbdc is coming tomorrow you
got I hope everyone's been desensitized
to all that garbage and clickbait
garbage okay the reality is you the
individual have to deal with this
monthly budget average monthly budget in
the US just look at it housing
Transportation those two things alone on
average you
know because of insurance because of all
that and taxes let's add in taxes these
are just Bas you can't get around that
right you just can't get around it and
so as a result of this you're paying
more than you ever have before and
probably not getting more at the end of
the day right the food is is just worse
quality it's shrink flated we know we
know all this these things are changing
and so we have to adapt we don't want to
be like this
Macy's and Cole's announced closure of
93 stores in total you've seen it store
after stores closing they're being
replaced by something else or they're
sitting empty you don't want to be the
one that's saying well I hope
everything's going to be okay for me no
we got to retool we can learn about
machine learning we can learn about
artificial intelligence programming and
you can say no I don't want anything to
do with that but the way that things are
right now and will be in 2025 even more
so is that you can just have the
absolute Basics the basic understanding
and be able to work within it because of
the way that the AI is working that's
just one thing how do you learn about
that class Central okay that's class
Central totally free okay and that's you
know Stanford and MIT and everything
they put courses out there for people to
take Amazon has their own machine
learning learning course all right so um
I myself I have very basic uh coding
skills and I'm I was able to code my own
app that app is something that you know
we are using in my business every day
every single day a functional very
powerful app um and I have like I said
basic skills I needed to do that number
one to improve my business and number
two so I can sell that as a softare Ware
um you know at at a later date it's not
uh finalized yet it's a work in progress
but the idea is I I didn't let that stop
me I didn't say well I don't know how to
do coding well so I can't do anything
with it no don't let that stop you okay
it's very important if you want to know
like the the basics the foundation the
fundamentals for free the money gps.com
Compass it's the money gps.com
Compass when you get there there's like
maybe 20 minutes or so of videos that's
going to break down all of it I even get
it to like the Amazon side a little bit
I get into a bunch of things but they're
all super short videos and you you know
watch through these videos you have a
great understanding of the basics this
is the type of thing by the way doesn't
there's no links on here or anything
like this you get you get in and you can
actually share this with your family
because this is the type of thing that
it just normal Financial education
doesn't get into the deeper levels what
do you as an individual do you got to
upskill you got to retool you have to
start learning things that are
uncomfortable are you willing to be
uncomfortable no you're going to have a
difficult time because that healthare
cost health care housing Insurance do
you think those are going to go down or
are they more likely to go up the answer
is that they're more likely to go up
your wages your salary are are you know
even if they do go up they're not going
up as fast as all this other stuff
forget about the bogus you know
inflation rates and you know all these
numbers we know it's all a joke we have
to retool very important do what you can
if you need it from me go through
Compass check it out and you could
always uh join the live classes that we
have if you're interested in that as
well the money gps.com
SL live I hope that you will join me uh
for that and uh get just just whatever
you got to do make sure that you work as
hard as possible right now for
2025 if you're not already you can
follow me on X I am posting there
basically every single day multiple
times a day at the money GPS at the
money GPS and of course hit that thumbs
up button and I'll see you next time
take care